Mention Epinio menu to control Epinio (Rancher) (#67)
epinio/helm-charts: chart/epinio-installer/templates/NOTES.txt

Make sure your domain points to the IP address of your Ingress controller (1.2.3.4).
{{ end }}

> To interact with your Epinio installation with command line interface, you have to download the latest epinio binary https://github.com/epinio/epinio/releases and update the api location and credentials with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To interact with your Epinio installation with a command line interface, you have to download the latest epinio binary https://github.com/epinio/epinio/releases and then update its knowledge of api location and credentials with:
```

Author: Done, thx.

Make sure your domain points to the IP address of your Ingress controller (1.2.3.4).
{{ end }}

> To interact with your Epinio installation, you have to download the latest epinio binary https://github.com/epinio/epinio/releases.

Reviewer 2: `you have to` sound more`it is mandatory`, this maybe better to use replace the last one with something like `you could`?

In this case, update the api location and credentials with:
`epinio config update`

> Otherwise, if you install Epinio through Rancher (or imported your Cluster in Rancher), you can control Epinio through the Epinio menu you will find in Global Apps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Otherwise, if you installed Epinio with Rancher (or imported your Cluster in Rancher), you can control Epinio through the Epinio menu you will find in Global Apps.
```
